The Joe Rogan.
Experience. You know,
there's something weird about when you watch some porn where they're pretending
to be school girls, you know, like, you know, the girl's 30, but she's.
Pretending to put them in the town.
There's something weird about those. Porns like, what is.
Happening here? No, exactly. One.
Guy's a milkman. The other guy, you know, and he just comes over.
What must you bring up? My fetish, milkman porn. He knocks on the door.
Girl answers. She's got pink tails. Um,
my dad's not home right now. Um, I guess,
I guess you can come inside now. You know.
Well, how about watching the baseball game?
Another thing is weird about porn. There's a lot of step sister,
step mother porn.
Step.
Mother step-mother and step-sister.
With his stepmother or dude with his step sister.
Like dad marry some new floozy dad's off at work and the sun sun's
like 19. He wakes up and he's got a. And next thing you know,
his step-mom sucking his Dick.
Oh, those are fun.
But it's very.
Popular. Well, there's a, you know, that's human sexuality. There's,
you know, everybody has something they're into.
So I guess they make a movie for all of it.
Yes. But also they're always looking for a new forbidden thing.
So it's regular porn. It's not forbidden enough.
It's not just two people that are hot that are getting it on. Right.
It's gotta be something that shouldn't be doing. Oh my God,
we shouldn't be doing this. Right. That's a thrill for a lot of people. Right.
They feel sexually suppressed. So when they watch porn, like, oh my God, it's a,
step-mom she going to do it? She's got.
Sure. So it's right. So it's like forbidden. Yeah.
Like you with the Westworld thing. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, that's the thing with people, right? They like,
especially when people get told what to do too much when they're young and then
develop this desire to do forbidden things.
Right. To be rebellious. Right. Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
But it's also pushing the envelope thing too. Right.
You get bored people if people like outrageous things and it does outrageous
things are not outrageous enough any more than they get more outrageous somehow
or another. Right.
That's right. That's why you shouldn't go down the path. Right.
You should start.
That's why you're healthier working out like crazy or being obsessed with cars
or being obsessed with sports. It's like, it's,
you want to get more and more extreme with it. What you're dealing with tires,
you're not dealing with human beings that are being trafficked through Florida
with the idea that they might have some fame. You know what I mean, Florida.
That's where it all happens. Right. All bad things. Where was that? Epstein guy?
Florida. Yeah.
Mar-a-Lago.
Florida. You ever see Rashida Jones, his documentary on porn?
No, it's pretty, uh, devastating. Who's Rashida Jones came.
She was Quincy Jones daughter. She was on the, um, she's very funny, talented.
She was in, um, parks and rec and the office and the office.
And she made a documentary on just like all these young girls that,
especially now with social media and wanting to be liked and wanting to having
all these promises of fame and that what you think is amateur porn and is
harmless.
There's really a very high percentage of these people are being exploited
and, uh, it, yeah, it will make you look at porn very differently.
I'm sure I recommend it.
W is there any kind of acceptable porn? Yeah.
Like what if it's like 35 year old ladies that are just freaks.
Or nobody? They just.
Want to on camera. They get it. They get a thrill out of people watching them.
I don't know if it's possible. What's that question, right? Yeah. Yeah.
You always worry if.
But do you, what happened to them? Put them in that mind space. Okay.
We don't have a fear about men. Look,
are you worried about men who are 35 years old who are having sex with women on
camera? Does do those trouble? You.
Know, I'm not, I don't think about them at all. I'm concerned about.
Them, right? So we're concerned about the women. Is that right?
Wait for it because we're sexist. Are we,
are we putting standards on the females that we don't put on the males?
Because we don't think that women can handle it or that you don't,
we don't think they can make that choice.
We don't think that they should be allowed to make that choice.
Or if they do make that choice,
we think there has to be something wrong with them and they need to be
protected. Whereas we don't have those feelings about a man.
I just know that.
So I think that when you're thinking about what leads you to that place,
there's a high probability that some man did something awful to that
girl when she was young,
that's such a high percentage of people that have had all women have had to
deal with some creepo at some point in their life. For sure.
And so I think it's built on that. It's like, well, you know,
I'd rather help her in some other way than watch.
Porn. So is that something we inherently know? And how do we know that?
Yeah. Um, yeah, because men are big and aggressive and can do.
No, no, no. That's not what I'm saying. When you see someone that's in porn,
do we inherently know that they've been molested? Do we just know? Or is it,
I mean, we don't know, but have we investigated,
like there is a high percentage of women that do porn.
This is a fact that have been sexually molested,
but what I'm saying is your distaste for it.
Is it based on the knowledge of that?
Or is this an inherent perception that a woman who would do that must be
damaged? So something must be,
must have had happened to her when she was younger. That was awful.
Otherwise she wouldn't be doing.
Well. It's like going to a strip club and you know,
probably 80% of the guys are just seeing somebody dancing.
And 20% of the guys are thinking, wait, you shouldn't be doing this.
You know what I mean? I think 20% it's trip clubs. I don't know,
maybe higher.
I just feel like I'm.
You know what I mean? I think we're able to, I'm sorry to cut you off.
I think we're, uh,
I think human beings are able to not see everything that they want to see
because they're enjoying what's before them.
I think you're right. For sure. We definitely make rationalizations. Right.
But I'm wondering like why, if it's a man, we don't have any,
I guess it's because we don't think of a man of being, you know,
if a guy is a, a S an object of sexual desire for women,
we don't think of them as a victim ever.
I know.
Which is unfortunate because there are a lot of things happen to young boys.
You know? What did.
You hear about this guy that Sue and Katie Perry?
You about the song? No.
No. She says maybe she he's not suing her,
but he's accusing her of sexual assault. What? He's calling sexual assault.
She pulled down his sweat pants and exposed his Dick to some people. Right.
Right. And then the knee-jerk reaction is, well, you're a dude.
Or you would love Katy Perry pulling your pants off. And, um, that's right. And,
uh, but maybe he was really hurt by it. Who knows? He needs to grow a pair.
I love Katy Perry.
Yeah. What the the problem? She pulls her pants down.
He gets to see your Dick. Okay.
Even when I was a young boy there, wasn't like, I was, it.
Sounds to me like Katy Perry is trying to.
You. Leave.
Katy Perry. Is that what.
You think she was doing now? Sounds like she pants them for fun. Yeah.
That's what it sounds like, Lucy.
Right now, if that was a guy doing it to a girl,
I would say that is sexual assault. Yeah. Think of it very differently.
If a guy was there and a girl bent over in front of a bunch of guys to pick up
her keys and someone pants during our vagina was exposed to all these strangers.
I would say that guy's a piece of. Like,
imagine if that was your daughter or your wife, right.
Some guy pulls your wife's sweat pants down in front of a crew of people.
Because I think we see the men as a threat, as a physical threat. But.
If Katy Perry does it to a guy, I'm like, huh?
Yeah, I know. Yeah. And you can ask.
The judge. I I'm like, get.
The out of it without explaining it or coming up for reasons why that is the
knee jerk reaction.
Uh, woman got arrested in New Jersey. She, uh, blew a 14 year old boy.
They gave her a 10 year,
like a suspended sentence, a 10 she's on 10 year probation,
no jail time. And she keeps her teaching certificate.
Really? She was allowed to keep her certificates.
Stop blowing kids. You crazy. She probably blew the cop blue judge.
God,
that's my thought on that always is if a woman's willing to blow a 14 year old,
she'll blow you to that. Girl's crazy.
She just loves sucking Dick. She's like.
Oh my God.
She, you could talk her into it. She's got standards. I mean,
I think every cop that rest a 14, a lady who blows 14 year olds,
every cop thinks she'll suck his Dick too. Right. Don't you think they're.
Crazy.
Woman. Yeah. Well, you.
Don't think so. Do I think she's crazy? Yes. For sure.
But it's not a crazy, it doesn't scare me.
No, there's something, you know, look where y'all,
there's a lot of different ways to be damaged. Right. And that's her damage.
But what I'm saying is like, that's not her, what is she doing?
She's a grown adult. See how you even, you're looking at that.
There's a lot of different ways to be damaged.
But if that was a grown man having sex with a 14 year old girl,
you wouldn't worry about what damage he has.
You'd be worrying about what damage he's doing. So even in that situation,
you're worried about her being damaged. I'm not worried about her mean,
but that's what you said. Right?
You're you're what you were thinking about was her being damaged,
not her victimizing the boy. Right. Because we don't think of it that way.